on the throttle is brought to you by
sport by French performance parts
professional advice and then we use a
little bit of this high grip tape
we don't usually we're trying to stay
away from the skateboard grip tape
because it's so coarse it rips the pants
right away this you can actually find at
autozone what is it called so this is a
piece you can find out autozone it's
just called like a slip taper traction
tape one of the ones that works really
well doesn't rip up the pants so much I
don't necessarily recommend it for your
average street rider because you're
going to go through jeans real quick and
it's your some of it has nice jeans it's
hell of a thing to do to waste them
so up top here what I've done is
traditionally with the 636 the with the
stock clip bonds there underneath the
triple tree and they're angled down and
turned real far inwards for my
competition bike just to get a little
extra clearance what I've done is I
bought aftermarket clip ons and I put
them on top by lowering the front end a
little bit which also helps for some
burnouts and some of the other some of
the tricks that we do have in the lower
front end is actually an advantage I've
done that place them on top of the
triple tree here and actually instead of
being angled down I flipped the side so
the left is on the right and
corresponding for the other side and
they're angled up just a little bit and
that gives you pretty much just a
leverage advantage so when you're on top
of the bike and you're working it and
you're in a wheelie and you're really
starting to get some lean angle in you
have a little bit more leverage to shove
down with your arms
I run the freestyle ingenuity 0-degree
clip-ons there's no angle on them and on
this bike actually the stock setting is
they're actually underneath the clip-on
which is uh for me and for Nick also it
kind of kind of puts us at a weird
position to where we can get the most
leverage out of the bike so we kind of
pull them up lower the front end a
little bit throw the clip ons on top
gives us a little more leverage able to
do a lot more different tricks and push
it a little harder lets you ride a
little more aggressive and on the edge
it just gives you a different control
and different feel on the bike and then
of course pretty much everything else I
try to keep the stock as possible
because stock things never fail like I
stock front master cylinder for the
front brakes all I didn't shave the
lever off a little bit that way that if
I do have a crash especially if I'm in a
competition it's not going to snap my
lever off and prevent me from moving
forward
I keep stock lines on it although steel
braided lines is not a bad thing I have
them on my other bike I use this because
in lower speed endows you can make some
more mistakes with the bike you're not
going to find yourself flipping over the
front because you were really high on
the balance point and you just lean
forward for a second and lost your
concentration as you'll see here this is
my custom blown fork seal I find it to
be an integral part of my my riding
ability the more often I blow fork seals
the more often my endows turn to crap
it's a great advantage that I have it
usually keeps me low down the placing in
competitions but but in all seriousness
I actually uh I passed X DL tech at the
competition we had
I blew a fork seal the same day so I did
the custom this is what I refer to as a
fork condom maybe not the most PC thing
but it works the best use literally just
cut a rag a couple zip ties on there and
it'll soak up most the fluid and keep it
off via two brake pads in the rotor this
has been written on sin saya
since I've done it I basically prepped
it up so it is it is starting to soak in
you'll see today that you still can do
windows with low flow and fork seals
although it's definitely not something
I'd ever recommend and some we're alone
at last we dropped it bone this is God's
gift to the finger it is basically any
easy pull system an MSR Pro Raptor this
is a moose easy pull here I wish you'd
give them to me for free moose I would
really love you if you did that they're
one of the nicest easiest things to do
literally you can use your pinky finger
for the clutch and hardly any effort
will get it it's disengaged so when
you're in a wheelie and you're really
feathering it it just gives you this
excellent feel and it saves the fatigue
as opposed to a stock clutch where
sometimes you know you more throughout
the day you go you're going to be to
fingering it and three fingering and arm
pump is going to happen this all day
long no problems whatsoever here I have
a Brembo front master this one is
actually a nineteen by eighteen
millimeter although I do prefer the 16
millimeter Brembos are rebuildable which
means they break unfortunately every
time you hear something oh it's a
rebuildable product that means it's a
product that probably after about a
year's service is going to need to be
redone Brembo for the same way and so
just before the competition by sixteen
millimeter blew all that seals and I had
to borrow one from a friend so I got
lucky for that but that's basically your
overall stunt bike the only other thing
that I have right here is this custom
hard wired fan literally I had it on a
toggle switch although I pulled off the
toggle switch can I ever seem to
remember more if it's just literally
exposed wires so anytime that I want to
I can hook up the fan and have it blow
and with start riding it's a lot of slow
speed to high speed and a lot of the
burnouts will overheat the engine and
having the fan constantly run is a great
tool to keep the engine temperature down
or coolant temperature that is
this is a bike that's set up for war
basically you can toss this thing off a
cliff you can bang it off the rev
limiter for five minutes in a burnout
put it away wet pick it up the next
morning and it'll be asking for more yes
a Kawasaki six three six great bike to
do this kind of like the Honda f4i those
are two of the staple bikes that we use
I hate to say but a lot of the parts
that we do run we run them down to the
point till they don't work no more we
don't change them until they're until
they're not working and a lot of times I
mean it could just be our shocks or rear
shock could just be completely blown out
and and it's something that is evolving
as the spore goes the more the more and
more we ride the more and more
competition builds up and gets better
the more we're starting to look at
little things that can make us better
riders and you know that that's in the
end that's going to be what's going to
give us the edge on other riders and
give us an edge on competition and it's
just one of those things that we're kind
of we've gotten so into this that we're
kind of learning as we go and starting
to really push you know the level of the
bikes and the level of our riding and
the whole level of the sport and I think
as we go on you know suspension some
like a suspension setting and you know
rebuilding maybe aftermarket Springs in
suspension maybe an aftermarket
suspension I know a lot of riders are
you running aftermarket suspension we're
just running all stock suspension on
everything and and that's definitely
something we're gonna start looking to
in the future anything we've even talked
about maybe a new building got more
performance driven most motors for the
most part we ruin everything stock with
maybe you know the biggest the biggest
thing that we we put on this thing may
just be like an aftermarket exhaust
which isn't isn't the mo
you know think it's gonna give us the
most performance so I think as a sport
grows I think that there's going to be
more avenues we start to eat into as far
as building our performance on the bikes